yeah I mean I'm kind of full circle in
my life of riding to where I don't
really need anything but riding my back
yard so I didn't expect to ride here at
all but it's such a good vibe and a good
ramp and so I was like man i'll see if i
can i can like be mature and write a
contest and walk away from it you know
so that's what i did had a great time
with my friends and yeah I couldn't ask
for anything more you know
you
I was going all out and my first run and
I definitely made a mistake that I never
done before so totally caught me by
surprise I was really bummed bad stuff
happens you know accident and I was
really sore after I walk got up again
and but I was like you know I didn't
came this far just to let myself die in
one trick so I did it all my second run
and thank God everything came out good
so stoked very happy
you